Allow setting number of threads to 0 (#609)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

- Fix sorting of results. Some pages of results would have the wrong sort order and columns.
- Remember previous sort order when reloading query results.
- Fix proper escaping of backslashes in SARIF message strings.

> - Allow setting # threads to 0 for test and query running, (which is interpreted as 'use one thread per core on the machine').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow setting `codeQL.runningQueries.numberOfThreads` to 0 for test and query running (which is interpreted as 'use one thread per core on the machine').
```

Author: Thanks.
